README.md, before:

CppCon 2018 Presentation Materials
==================================

https://github.com/CppCon/CppCon2018 is the canonical location for presentations
and code from [CppCon 2018](http://cppcon.org).

[For Speakers: Submitting Materials](Submitting.md)
# Index of Materials

## Keynotes

 - [Concepts - The Future of Generic Programming](Keynotes/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming__bjarne_stroustrup__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bjarne Stroustrup

## Presentations

 - [Avoiding Disasters with Strongly Typed C++](Presentations/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp__arno_lepisk__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arno Lepisk
 - [Building Multi-Million Line C++ Projects Effortlessly with the Meson Build System](Presentations/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system__jussi_pakkanen__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jussi Pakkanen
 - [Class Template Argument Deduction for Everyone](Presentations/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone__stephan_t_lavavej__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Stephan T. Lavavej
 - [Crafting Embedded Domain Specific Language (EDSL) in C++](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp__gilang_hamidy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Gilang Hamidy \[[more materials](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp)\]
 - [Declarative Style in C++](Presentations/declarative_style_in_cpp/declarative_style_in_cpp__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Don't package your libraries, write packagable libraries!](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Robert Schumacher \[[.pdf](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [DynaMix: A New Take on Polymoprhism](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov \[[README](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/README.md)\]
 - [Effective replacement of dynamic polymorphism with std::variant](Presentations/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Feather: A Modern C++ Web Development Framework](Presentations/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework__yu_qi__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Yu Qi
 - [Git, CMake, Conan - How to ship and reuse our C++ projects](Presentations/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Implementing the Cpp Core Guidelines Lifetime Safety Profile in Clang](Presentations/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang__matthias_gehre_gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthias Gehre, Gabor Horvath
 - [Inside Visual C++'s Parallel Algorithms](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Billy O'Neal \[[.pdf](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pptx)\] \[[README](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/README.md)\]
 - [Liberating the Debugging Experience with the gdb Python API](Presentations/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [Make It Fixable: Preparing for Security Vulnerability Reports](Presentations/make_it_fixable/make_it_fixable__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [minidumps: gdb-compatible, software controlled core dumps](Presentations/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps__matthew_fleming__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthew Fleming
 - [Multi-Precision Arithmetic for Cryptology in C++, at Run-Time and at Compile-Time](Presentations/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp__niek_j_bouman__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Niek J Bouman
 - [Operator Overloading](Presentations/operator_overloading/operator_overloading__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Sane and Safe C++ Classes](Presentations/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad
 - [Smart References There and Back Again](Presentations/smart_references_there_and_back_again/smart_references_there_and_back_again__erik_valkering__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Erik Valkering
 - [Software Vulnerabilities in C and C++](Presentations/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [State Machines Battlefield - Naive vs STL vs Boost](Presentations/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [The Networking TS in Practice: Testable, Composable Asynchronous I/O in C++](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/the_networking_ts_in_practice__robert_leahy__cppcon_2018.pptx) by Robert Leahy \[[README](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/README.md)\] \[[more materials](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice)\]
 - [To Kill a Mocking Framework: Tools and Techniques for Testing Callbacks Using Standard C++](Presentations/to_kill_a_mocking_framework/to_kill_a_mocking_framework__alastair_rankine__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Alastair Rankine
 - [Undefined Behavior is Not an Error](Presentations/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error__barbara_geller_ansel_sermersheim__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Barbara Geller, Ansel Sermersheim
 - [Unwinding the Stack - Exploring How C++ Exceptions Work on Windows](Presentations/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis
 - [What do you mean thread-safe?](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Geoff Romer \[[.pdf](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [Woes of Scope Guards and Unique Resource](Presentations/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad

## Lightning Talks and Lunch Sessions

 - [[Boost].DI - Inject All The Things!](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/boost_di_inject_all_the_things/boost_di_inject_all_the_things__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [How to create slides about CMake with CMake](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Qt Signals and the Coroutines TS](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [The Bad Big Wolf Meets Riding Hood Little Red](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov
 - [The Shape of a Program](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_shape_of_a_program/the_shape_of_a_program__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis

## Posters

 - [Fighting Non-determinism in C++ Compilers](Posters/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers__mandeep_singh_grang__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mandeep Singh Grang

Commit message:

Add Thoughts on a more powerful and simpler C++ (5 of N) by Herb Sutter

README.md, after:

CppCon 2018 Presentation Materials
==================================

https://github.com/CppCon/CppCon2018 is the canonical location for presentations
and code from [CppCon 2018](http://cppcon.org).

[For Speakers: Submitting Materials](Submitting.md)
# Index of Materials

## Keynotes

 - [Concepts - The Future of Generic Programming](Keynotes/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming/concepts_the_future_of_generic_programming__bjarne_stroustrup__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Bjarne Stroustrup
 - [Thoughts on a more powerful and simpler C++ (5 of N)](Keynotes/thoughts_on_a_more_powerful_and_simpler_cpp/thoughts_on_a_more_powerful_and_simpler_cpp__herb_sutter__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Herb Sutter

## Presentations

 - [Avoiding Disasters with Strongly Typed C++](Presentations/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp/avoiding_disasters_with_strongly_typed_cpp__arno_lepisk__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Arno Lepisk
 - [Building Multi-Million Line C++ Projects Effortlessly with the Meson Build System](Presentations/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system/building_multimillion_line_cpp_projects_effortlessly_with_the_meson_build_system__jussi_pakkanen__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jussi Pakkanen
 - [Class Template Argument Deduction for Everyone](Presentations/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone/class_template_argument_deduction_for_everyone__stephan_t_lavavej__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Stephan T. Lavavej
 - [Crafting Embedded Domain Specific Language (EDSL) in C++](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp__gilang_hamidy__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Gilang Hamidy \[[more materials](Presentations/crafting_embedded_domain_specific_language_in_cpp)\]
 - [Declarative Style in C++](Presentations/declarative_style_in_cpp/declarative_style_in_cpp__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Don't package your libraries, write packagable libraries!](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Robert Schumacher \[[.pdf](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries/dont_package_your_libraries_write_packagable_libraries__robert_schumacher__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [DynaMix: A New Take on Polymoprhism](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov \[[README](Presentations/dynamix_a_new_take_on_polymoprhism/README.md)\]
 - [Effective replacement of dynamic polymorphism with std::variant](Presentations/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant/effective_replacement_of_dynamic_polymorphism_with_stdvariant__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Feather: A Modern C++ Web Development Framework](Presentations/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework/feather_a_modern_cpp_web_development_framework__yu_qi__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Yu Qi
 - [Git, CMake, Conan - How to ship and reuse our C++ projects](Presentations/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects/git_cmake_conan_how_to_ship_and_reuse_our_cpp_projects__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Implementing the Cpp Core Guidelines Lifetime Safety Profile in Clang](Presentations/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang/implementing_the_cpp_core_guidelines_lifetime_safety_profile_in_clang__matthias_gehre_gabor_horvath__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthias Gehre, Gabor Horvath
 - [Inside Visual C++'s Parallel Algorithms](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Billy O'Neal \[[.pdf](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms__billy_oneal__cppcon_2018.pptx)\] \[[README](Presentations/inside_visual_cpps_parallel_algorithms/README.md)\]
 - [Liberating the Debugging Experience with the gdb Python API](Presentations/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api/liberating_the_debugging_experience_with_the_gdb_python_api__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [Make It Fixable: Preparing for Security Vulnerability Reports](Presentations/make_it_fixable/make_it_fixable__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [minidumps: gdb-compatible, software controlled core dumps](Presentations/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps/minidumps_gdbcompatible_software_controlled_core_dumps__matthew_fleming__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Matthew Fleming
 - [Multi-Precision Arithmetic for Cryptology in C++, at Run-Time and at Compile-Time](Presentations/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp/multiprecision_arithmetic_for_cryptology_in_cpp__niek_j_bouman__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Niek J Bouman
 - [Operator Overloading](Presentations/operator_overloading/operator_overloading__ben_deane__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Ben Deane
 - [Sane and Safe C++ Classes](Presentations/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes/sane_and_safe_cpp_classes__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad
 - [Smart References There and Back Again](Presentations/smart_references_there_and_back_again/smart_references_there_and_back_again__erik_valkering__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Erik Valkering
 - [Software Vulnerabilities in C and C++](Presentations/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp/software_vulnerabilities_in_c_and_cpp__patricia_aas__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Patricia Aas
 - [State Machines Battlefield - Naive vs STL vs Boost](Presentations/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost/state_machines_battlefield_naive_vs_stl_vs_boost__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [The Networking TS in Practice: Testable, Composable Asynchronous I/O in C++](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/the_networking_ts_in_practice__robert_leahy__cppcon_2018.pptx) by Robert Leahy \[[README](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice/README.md)\] \[[more materials](Presentations/the_networking_ts_in_practice)\]
 - [To Kill a Mocking Framework: Tools and Techniques for Testing Callbacks Using Standard C++](Presentations/to_kill_a_mocking_framework/to_kill_a_mocking_framework__alastair_rankine__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Alastair Rankine
 - [Undefined Behavior is Not an Error](Presentations/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error/undefined_behavior_is_not_an_error__barbara_geller_ansel_sermersheim__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Barbara Geller, Ansel Sermersheim
 - [Unwinding the Stack - Exploring How C++ Exceptions Work on Windows](Presentations/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows/unwinding_the_stack_exploring_how_cpp_exceptions_work_on_windows__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis
 - [What do you mean thread-safe?](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Geoff Romer \[[.pdf](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pdf)\] \[[.pptx](Presentations/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe/what_do_you_mean_threadsafe__geoff_romer__cppcon_2018.pptx)\]
 - [Woes of Scope Guards and Unique Resource](Presentations/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource/woes_of_scope_guards_and_unique_resource__peter_sommerlad__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Peter Sommerlad

## Lightning Talks and Lunch Sessions

 - [[Boost].DI - Inject All The Things!](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/boost_di_inject_all_the_things/boost_di_inject_all_the_things__kris_jusiak__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Kris Jusiak
 - [How to create slides about CMake with CMake](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake/how_to_create_slides_about_cmake_with_cmake__mateusz_pusz__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mateusz Pusz
 - [Qt Signals and the Coroutines TS](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts/qt_signals_and_the_coroutines_ts__jeff_trull__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Jeff Trull
 - [The Bad Big Wolf Meets Riding Hood Little Red](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red/the_bad_big_wolf_meets_riding_hood_little_red__borislav_stanimirov__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Borislav Stanimirov
 - [The Shape of a Program](Lightning%20Talks%20and%20Lunch%20Sessions/the_shape_of_a_program/the_shape_of_a_program__james_mcnellis__cppcon_2018.pdf) by James McNellis

## Posters

 - [Fighting Non-determinism in C++ Compilers](Posters/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers/fighting_nondeterminism_in_cpp_compilers__mandeep_singh_grang__cppcon_2018.pdf) by Mandeep Singh Grang
